Using code that other developers have written and the most common way to do this is through using packages of code.

We've seen modules of code where each file that we create in our project is essentially a module in itself.
But a package differs from a module in the sense that it's actually a whole
bunch of code that other people have written, lots and lots of files all packaged
together to achieve some sort of goal or purpose.

we could search for a package that other developers have created and the place that we would do that is somewhere called PyPi,
which is the Python package index and this is a bunch of software for the Python programming language that is
developed and shared by the Python community. So we can see their source code, but more importantly,
we can see how to implement the code and how to put it into our project.

In here, I'm going to search for something called prettytable.
And this is a very simple library that is going to help us to display tables in a ASCII format.
We can click on the project links to find out more about it.
And this will take us to the Google code archive, where the documentation is hosted.
If you go to Wikis and go to tutorial, you'll see some documentation on how to use it.

The first thing we have to do is to install this package into our project.in order to use the
packages that you find in the Python package index,you actually have to install it.
So here's how we do it in PyCharm. https://pypi.org/project/prettytable/

1. Go to the setting
2. Click on the project you want to install on
3. Click on the plus button to install any package that you find in the Python package index. Make a note of what it's called.
4. Import it in your code

You can use everything that's inside this package. if you want to see the source code,
you can actually right-click on it and select, go to, implementation.
And this will take you to the Python file where this entire prettytable is
implemented, so all of the code that they've written.
It's a little bit daunting and it's got a lot of code in it,
All we need to do is look at the documentation for this package and see how we
can implement it into our project.